Is what you said true?
It seems that my eyes are right
That's not possible.
I have already investigated this Ye Longyuan
He's just a trash abandoned by his neighbors
Just order
If he is from Tianmen
Can they kick him out?
Already offered up
Come on, are you mistaken?
Two and a half years ago.
My eyes are on fire
It was the Tianmen people he brought who saved it.
i
Mom and grandpa said it was Lord Long Yuan
Is it obviously the upper echelons of Tianmen?
Not at the top.
Just a squad leader
You squad leader
I thought how powerful this Ye Luoyuan was
Just a squad leader
That person is also from Tianmen
Wan Bohao is the dean of one of the 36 courts of Tianmen
Ah a squad leader
Can you basically talk to the dean?
So you have to abdicate
I will take over the position of president
Go and connect with President Wan about this project.
I'll take care of the project.
After this business partnership
What if this is solved?
That's it.
If you don't solve it
quit president
This is good, I agree.
Grandpa you go
Grandpa
Look at Long Hospital, he is just an ordinary Tianmen man
Can you use your connections to help him more?
You are in a hurry
Grandpa just got the news
The Lord God of Tianmen has arrived at the smoke field
I live in Villa No. 1 in Kyushu
You want to ask Yuelongyuan to take you to visit the Lord God
In front of you, really
The donor has taken care of everything
After the business summit, I removed the Chen family from the list
Please rest assured.
Good, you go first.
I will contact you if anything happens.
subordinate retires
Hello Longyuan
Can you take me to Kyushu 1 to meet God?
I'm right in front of Villa No. 1 in Kyushu, really?
Wait, I'll be right over to wait for you.